Fetch gateway does not normalize HTTP method casing, leading to request issues with undici (#584)
tulios/mappersmith: .changeset/dull-chefs-report.md

---
'mappersmith': patch
---

> Update the performRequest method in the Fetch gateway to normalize the HTTP method to uppercase to mitigate issue with PATCH calls and undici

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update the `performRequest` method in all gateways to normalize the HTTP method to uppercase. This is to ensure users of mappersmith can use lowercase and still be compatible with fetch libraries with a case sensitive fetch mechanism.
```
